having trouble loosening up my shoulders
and chest hey David can you help me out
yeah I got you first step test bring
your hands out to the side thumbs facing
back and try and bring your thumbs
together behind you and I'll help you
out we're slightly behind your shoulder
with your hands you feel that yeah I
feel it okay step one I call these chest
pulses we're going to do this for
probably around 30 seconds of pulses so
okay every two one shake out the
shoulders let it relax Second Step the
active stretch body weight dips
emphasizing the bottom range of the
motion elbows pointed back 15 of these
reps nice and slow come on out of it
there you go shake out those shoulders
again oh yeah exercise number three 30
seconds breathe two one come on out of
that stretch spin around three times to
get your nervous system to relax come
this way a little bit right there I'm
going to pull your arms
back yeah I think that worked yeah yeah
I you'll see the before and after too
yeah yeah I want to see it thank you
stay flexy